[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[TREBOL gasps]
That's Doffy's double!
[TREBOL gasps] This is awful!
He got all busted up!
I suppose the cage was
a bit too small, huh?
I should've known you wouldn't
be so easy to contain.
[LUFFY]
Mingo!
Bellamy.
What should I do?
[BELLAMY grunting]
You okay?
[gasps]
That's enough!
[DOFLAMINGO] You don't
have to yell like that.
I can hear you.
Mingo, come on!
Let Bellamy go!
He's gonna die!
[DOFLAMINGO] Oh? I didn't
realize he was still alive.
[gasps]
What a surprise.
A pity. I set up this
fight to the death,
but Straw Hat just won't play
by the rules and finish him.
Well, okay.
[gasps] Bellamy!
Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Fine, Bellamy. I've had my fun.
You're free from me now.
Just like you've
always been, right?
[gasps]
[chuckles] You guys are from the
Don Quixote Family, aren't you?
[DIAMANTE, TREBOL]
Huh?
You must be Doflamingo himself.
And who the hell are you?
Take us in under your umbrella!
Huh?
[grunts]
You better scram
before I gut you.
What do you say?
Please, Doflamingo!
Who said you could
talk to Doffy?
You're nothing but
a buncha ratty punks!
[BELLAMY] I've looked up to you
ever since I was little kid.
Wherever you go,
we wanna follow you!
Just give us a chance!
You've got nothing to lose!
I warned you.
I won't say it again!
[chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Where are you from?
All of us used to
live in Nortis.
[DIAMANTE]
That's a wealthy city.
What's your problem with it?
It's boring as hell!
I hate that place!
I think the Don Quixote Family
is the pride of the North Blue!
[BELLAMY]
We wanna be a real pirate crew.
One just like you guys.
We're not like those
other pirates out there,
with their heads in the clouds.
We see things your way.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] I'll let
you use our Jolly Roger,
if that's what you want.
[DIAMANTE]
Doffy!
Catch is, if you're
ever defeated,
you'll have to give it up.
You got it! All right!
[BELLAMY PIRATES cheer]
[DOFLAMINGO] I don't need
weaklings as my subordinates.
[BELLAMY] Don't worry!
I won't lose to anyone!
[LUFFY] Hey, Bellamy!
Are you hanging in there?
I mean, I know you're not great.
[BELLAMY cackles]
So you must be that
Straw Hat Luffy kid.
Worth a cool
30 million, I hear.
[cackles]
What a shame.
Seems you're a lost cause.
Thing is,
the time when pirates
dreamt about the future is over!
Things like the great One Piece?
The fools who dream of
these fictional treasures
don't notice the real treasures
that surround them!
They end up chasing these
ridiculous puppy dog dreams
and die in the process!
[cackles] There's nothing
but a bunch of dead idiots!
[BELLAMY] You see,
there was no point in trying.
I've eaten a cursed fruit, too,
and you don't stand
a chance against me.
[BELLAMY]
Spring Hopper!
There's no city
of gold out there!
There's no island in the sky.
Just oceans, and ships,
and the men who sail them!
[cackles]
[LUFFY] You asked if I know
how to throw a punch.
All right Straw Hat, it's over!
[yells]
For starters, I saw the
Sky Island, just like you.
I lost all my crewmates
on that trip,
but it turned my view
of the world upside down.
I'm not gonna hold a grudge
against you anymore.
Either way, I'm done
laughing at you.
[LUFFY]
You okay?
I can't believe you had the gall
to cheer for me back there.
That was so embarrassing.
And a lot of good it did.
I ain't changed one bit.
It's pathetic!
You have changed, Bellamy.
I've seen you wield
your Haki powers.
They're stronger than anything
I've ever dreamed of.
Which really pisses me off.
[LUFFY] Hey, don't push
yourself! Just rest for a sec!
So Joker is ordering me
to murder Straw Hat now?
Doffy's a generous leader.
Even though you lost
the tournament,
he's giving you one more
chance to redeem yourself.
You should be happy
your task is so easy.
[DELLINGER laughs]
Well, if you're standing there
and not murdering Straw Hat,
then I say you're
not busy enough!
You need me to
give you hand? [laughs]
Buzz off!
But y'know, it doesn't
matter if you fail!
In fact, the whole thing never
mattered in the first place!
What d'you mean by that?
It's annoying how
you keep trying to
win our approval, y'know!
That's why I'm gonna finish
you off, right here and now.
On the young master's order.
Huh. Weird. An earthquake?
[BELLAMY groans]
Why did you come here?
Is there any hope
for me to join you?
[chuckles] You really want me to
spell it out for you? All right.
[DOFLAMINGO] Your purpose has
never been the same as mine.
Even from the start.
For example, you always wanted
to be a pirate, right?
Me, not so much.
The methods didn't matter.
For what?
For the only thing I care about.
Destroying this world.
[chuckles]
[LUFFY]
I can't do that!
You're my friend!
Fine, Bellamy.
You're free from me now.
Just like you always have been.
Hey, Bellamy.
I'm sorry, I gotta
leave you here for now.
I'm real worried about Traffy.
The real Mingo and
Snot Guy are up there.
They're too strong.
He needs my help.
I'll give Mingo an extra
kick in the ass for you, okay?
Hold on!
You remember this technique?
It's been a while.
Huh?
Okay. You ready?
Spring Hopper!
Let's go!
[gasps]
You got stronger since last
time, but I got stronger, too!
You wanna see destructive power?
I've taken this to the max!
[PICA]
Huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[PICA laughs]
[DELLINGER]
Watch it, Pica!
[PICA]
Hm?
[DELLINGER]
You've got friends down here
you're about to squash!
[IDEO]
Destruction Cannon!
[gasps]
Ignore me at your
own peril, kid!
Ohh! So scary!
That's enough already!
[panting] Just tell me!
[SAI gasps]
[BABY 5]
If you're serious about this,
why are you beating
around the bush so much?
Because I'm your enemy?
I don't care! Be honest with me!
I dunno what you're
talking about, lady!
Don't play dumb!
This next blow will strike
straight through your heart!
You said that you were
aiming for my heart.
[SAI chuckles] I'll hold
this hand 'til you die!
You wanted to hold
hands our whole life!
[SAI] Don't wanna
lose you on this one!
And you never want
to lose me, right?
If your feelings for me
really are that strong,
then I don't care if
we're enemies or not!
No, I understand!
You need me, don't you?
[gasps]
[HAJRUDIN panting]
[MACHVISE]
Ten-Ton Vise!
[screams]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES cheer]
Huh? Better give 'em one more!
[MACHVISE]
Here comes another crush-een!
Hundred-Ton Vise!
[HAJRUDIN screams]
[MACHVISE]
Hm? Not giv-een up?
Ton-Ton, go to hell!
[HAJRUDIN groans]
[screams]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Lord Vise shows no mercy, huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
Even a mighty warrior of Elbaf
gets crushed under his weight!
[MACHVISE] Okay. Let's get
a better look at th-eengs.
Hajrud-een is down,
so let's start search-een
for my next target!
Ooh. That's Roronoa Zoro!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
The bigger they are, the harder
they fall, I guess!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D] You're in
our way, you giant roadblock!
[HAJRUDIN] My dream was
to become the strongest.
The King of all Giants.
But look at me now.
[HAJRUDIN]
I lost in the competition.
I was transformed into a toy.
I was saved, but I've
failed to repay my debt.
[HAJRUDIN]
This is pathetic.
I vowed to aid the Straw Hats,
even if it cost me
my life itself,
and yet here I lie, defeated,
but shamelessly still alive.
[MACHVISE chuckles]
Ton-Ton!
[HAJRUDIN] Was my gratitude
truly so shallow?
Damn it! Damn it!
Here I come, Roronoa!
That's not good.
Destructive
One Thousand-Ton Vise!
[HAJRUDIN]
No! My honor will not allow it!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
He got up!
Forgive me, but if you would,
please let me handle him.
Hajrud-een! Still stand-een?
And right after I gave you
such a proper pound-een!
[MACHVISE] Then I'll make it
ev-een heavier for you!
Hellish Ten Thousand-Ton Vise!
I really hope there are
still some bones leftover
for crusheen!
[HAJRUDIN]
I'm no use to my allies dead.
But as long as I can
move even a single arm,
I can defeat an enemy leader!
The last of my life
I place in this fist!
Gungnir, go!
[HAJRUDIN grunting]
Stop strug-leen.
This is way too heavy!
[HAJRUDIN grunting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Get squashed, Hajrudin!
[HAJRUDIN] Let him fly!
To the Kingdom of the Gods!
[yelling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
Lord Vise!
The Birdcage! No!
He's not slowing down at all!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Lord Vise, stop!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
You're gonna get shredded!
[MACHVISE groans]
[panting]
Those skies are still
too far for you.
You're no bird, after all.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Lord Vise!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
Enjoy your nap.
And when you wake up,
the cage will be gone.
[NARRATOR] Sai struggles
to continue his battle
against Baby 5 in the face of
her sudden feelings toward him.
Meanwhile, his grandfather,
Don Chin Jao
is torn between
his fight with Lao G
and his concerns for the
legacy of the Happosui Army.
With his future at stake,
Sai unleashes
a powerful new technique!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Battle of Love!
The New Leader Sai vs. Baby 5!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!